RPIs - possible

I'm keeping this file to record WIBNIs (Wouldn't It Be Nice If), particularly those that are not urgent, or that need more thought...
HS
--

HS01 Restructure vz390 to accommodate upcoming V2 changes (!!RPI number already assigned by AK in email).

HS02 Make the documentation tool do more of our work for us: run Javadoc over the entire source code.

HS03 Fix the _one single character_ in over 8000 lines of tz390 code that prevents Javadoc from running. (Needs to pass
      all regression tests. Better still: understand what the character is for.)

HS04 (As time goes by) write explanatory comments into the existing code for javadoc to pick up.

HS05 A script to convert assembly listing of Control Block DSECT into list of offsets in Java language. (Looking in the
      mirror) I don't trust any coder to get them all correct by hand.

HS06 Store converted DSECT Java code in one or more Java Interface source files that can be imported wherever needed.

HS07 Is there a repository for Design Docs, Developer Notes, Javadoc listings, Developer Tools etc. (And some of our email conversations are worth pasting in there.)

HS08  Make the compiler do more of our work for us:
      Reduce ambiguity by tightening constraints that will be checked, and enforced, by the compiler. E.g.,
      constants (which are rather like EQU stmts in ASM) should be clearly distinguished from variable data.
      "byte vsam_op_open = 19;" will probably suggest its meaning to someone already familiar with VSAM, but
      not necessarily to others ("hmm, is there a maximum of 19 ACBs we can have open, and we count downwards?"; whereas
      "public static final byte vsam_op_open = 19;" tells the reader that it's unmodifiable, and readable by
      other classes.
      "private static final boolean DEV = false;" means it is unmodifiable and inaccessible to other classes. All-caps is
      a convention, not enforced by the compiler, that suggests to a knowledgeable Java programmer that it's a constant,
      when he encounters its use 5000 lines away from its declaration.
      I think 'public' or 'private' should be explicit on nearly every declaration of a variables.

